The additive group of rational numbers (#1100)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/greatest-common-divisor-integers.lagda.md

## Properties

> ### The greatest common divisor is invariant by neg-ℤ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The greatest common divisor is invariant under negatives
```
